Update generated code (#974)
async-aws/aws: src/Service/Rekognition/CHANGELOG.md

## NOT RELEASED

### Added

> - AWS api-change: "This release introduces AWS tagging support for Amazon Rekognition collections, stream processors, and Custom Label models."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AWS api-change: Add AWS tagging support for Amazon Rekognition collections, stream processors, and Custom Label models
```
